fuck I'm shitting I'll see if there's a bathroom
in this fucking hut
and rich has bathroom
fucking mother I'm talking to you
I can pass to your damage do not worry about
I'll clean the paper with this picture
go to take the ass fucking
without you to your mother
son of the re thousand whores that everything
shot and I told him whore mother who
he did this fuck it was a lie what he
I said sir hehehe I will not do
harm please not how do you think simply
I'll kill you, do not fuck shit
or the peddler will buy him something hello
peddler how is he doing
to see gives me some sabritas and a frutsi
what else has I have Cocacola Doritos
new semi-used and used condoms
I also have younger member pulque
and you patch and if you take more than three
I give you a gift well dm1
subus and gave me egg line I want your
gift is an active grenade congratulations
no mames
shit there are some rapists at the door
and they say they are the old ine will be better
that flee
fucking mother I'll have to jump for this
window
look at an extraterrestrial that says
call and I'll go talk to him hello
Martian what are you doing here I'm trying
to fuck with someone but I do not see
nobody nothing more to you fuck hey and like
fucked the Martians ah well easy
yes